add migration doc for model archive datastore setup; (#76)
GNS-Science/solvis-graphql-api: MIGRATION_v0.9.md

WARNING: optional `toshi` dependencies are not installed.
Running without `toshi` options
WARNING: geometry.section_distance() uses the optional dependency pyvista.
2025-10-07 14:42:17 INFO     congiguring BinaryLargeObjectModel with IS_OFFLINE: False TESTING: False
2025-10-07 14:42:17 INFO     Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials
archive: /Users/chrisbc/Downloads/NSHM_v1.0.4_CompositeSolution.zip
model : NSHM_v1.0.4
2025-10-07 14:42:17 INFO     Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials
2025-10-07 14:42:18 INFO     put the blob
2025-10-07 14:42:18 INFO     Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials
2025-10-07 14:42:28 INFO     <class 'solvis_graphql_api.data_store.model.BinaryLargeObject'>.get() called
2025-10-07 14:42:28 INFO     get object_blob from bucket <solvis_graphql_api.data_store.model.BinaryLargeObject object at 0x113c69be0>
compared blob OK for NSHM_v1.0.4,
solvis_graphql_api cli uploaded solvis composite solution <solvis_graphql_api.data_store.model.BinaryLargeObject object at 0x10a4716a0>
```

### API A/B testing

> And belowios the A/B test showing that Prod/Test APIs are working and agree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And below is the A/B test showing that Prod/Test APIs are working and agree.
```
